Create Submariner disconnected docs 2.7 stolostron/backlog#26975 (#4536)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: add-ons/submariner/subm_disconnected.adoc

[#deploying-submariner-disconnected]
= Deploying Submariner on disconnected clusters

> To deploy Submariner with {product-title} on clusters that are not connected to the internet (disconnected), you must first complete the steps outlined in link:../install/install_disconnected.adoc#install-on-disconnected-networks[Install in disconnected network environments].

Reviewer: This is very confusing to me: 

1. We can eliminate words for conciseness: 
To deploy Submariner with {product-title} on disconnected clusters...

2. With RHACM?  This can be viewed a few different ways. Are we saying deploy on to disconnected RHACM clusters or deploying "Submariner with RHACM"?

Reviewer: This is what I raised is missing from some of the cluster/MCE doc...good short descriptions...and we have had a few tickets opened as a result. Moving forward, I would like to understand why the user wants to do this.

Author: I think it means "Submariner with RHACM". For your second comment, still waiting on content for that. This PR actually wasn't ready for peer review yet.

[#configuring-submariner-disconnected]
== Configuring Submariner on disconnected clusters

After following the steps outlined in link:../install/install_disconnected.adoc#install-on-disconnected-networks[Install in disconnected network environments], you must configure Submariner during the installation to support deployment on disconnected clusters.

[#customizing-catalogsource-names]
=== Customizing _catalogSource_ names

> By default, `submariner-addon` looks for a `catalogSource` with the name `redhat-operators`. When using a `catalogSource` with a different name, you must update the value of the `SubmarinerConfig.Spec.subscriptionConfig.Source` parameter in the `SubmarinerConfig` associated with your managed cluster with the custom name of the `catalogSource`.

Reviewer: **Use with caution look and feel**   noun
In technical information, use wording that more specifically expresses what you mean. (from the manual)

Not only is this technically anthropomorphism, which sometimes we cannot avoid easily, we don't normally use the word "look" in tech doc for the reasons I copied. If this cannot avoid it, I recommend a more industry-standard word like "search" if that works.

[#configuring-submariner-disconnected]
=== Enabling _airGappedDeployment_ in _SubmarinerConfig_

> When installing `submariner-addon` on a managed cluster from the {product-title} console, you can select the *Disconnected cluster* option so that Submariner does not call external servers.

Reviewer 2: Instead of using "call", let us use "API queries"

```suggestion
When installing `submariner-addon` on a managed cluster from the {product-title} console, you can select the *Disconnected cluster* option so that Submariner does not make API queries to external servers.
```

> 

Reviewer: so that Submariner does not call external servers (more active and concise)

> If you are manually installing Submariner by using the APIs, you must set the `airGappedDeployment` parameter to `true` in the `SubmarinerConfig` associated with your managed cluster. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you are installing Submariner by using the APIs, you must set the `airGappedDeployment` parameter to `true` in the `SubmarinerConfig` associated with your managed cluster. 
```

Reviewer 3: I don't think we need to refer to the API as "manual"; it's fully automated, just not via the UI.
